chore: broken links cleanup (#430)
artsy/README: playbooks/kubernetes.md

- [Container Overview](https://app.datadoghq.com/containers?columns=container_name,container_cpu,container_memory,container_net_sent_bps,container_net_rcvd_bps,container_status,container_started&options=normalizeCPU&sort=container_memory,DESC)

### Allocating Kubernetes resources for apps.

> Kubernetes allows you to allocate CPU/Memory for apps. Here are some [guidelines](#TODO) on how to do it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes allows you to allocate CPU/Memory for apps. Here are some [guidelines](https://www.notion.so/artsy/Guidelines-on-tuning-an-app-s-CPU-and-memory-consumption-in-a-Kubernetes-cluster-797977be895643af84015a7d4b60a5dc) on how to do it.
```

5) Wait for autoscaling to automatically launch a new instance in place of the terminated one.

> The command `./manage.py rotate_cluster_nodes` [in the Substance repo](#TODO) automates this procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command `python manage.py replace_cluster_nodes {cluster_directory}` [in the Substance repo](https://github.com/artsy/substance#replace-cluster-nodes-drain-termainate-existing-nodes-and-relace-with-new-ones) automates this procedure.
```
